hi hi it's key 10 may 10 to play
month applies to bikes and his skin
it's the same so we at the foot of
video for every two weeks as
I promised to make you an open be
so to participate with the dear ones
subscribers so here I am going to do this
open bi this time on ps3 on
gta4 not on grating sorry i'm
really bad so it's not funny if
you play against -15 viewty if he will me
always does figure and yeah you you
will surely you get married all
but me not at all so we will play this
gta iv like that it's more or less and
which is true is pretty much everyone
see her there and we can there is a lot
of game modes so I think we're going
have fun especially last time
i also did this gta iv and we went
super well put so it'll happen
like these it's going to happen tomorrow at
19 hours from 19 years old you can
to join us thereafter there is no
of worry but his loss at age 19 begins
here and after if you come at 21h or 20
years samba actually i'm going to do i'm going
do this until 9:30 pm 22h this is pope
and another quarter until 9:30 we have ten
years so it will be tomorrow from 19
years for our friends for our friends
Quebecers are drowning in the surroundings
14 hours so much for quebec
so it's going to be like this for
to participate is simple it's always
the same way of doing so you
send me to this address keddy point
contest at hotmail.fr if ever the hat
does not display because with my software
of editing and it's not the same palace to
he wants you not ideas at all
arts at the bottom you call it like you
do not want to add it so it's normal
added it because otherwise it will not work
walk session so that eddie pons
contest at hotmail.fr to send me
your gamertag and especially your contract
is possible you can me already
oiled on what she knows that eddie
pons mendy everyone turns
add it there are no worries time in
time I leave with my subscribers but
returned your skype well for so well
I invite you to the conversation
that I dries that you play with me at
Cairo
I think a Saturday night on my
account what for subscribers I
think we have a
about thirty or so who will be in
line so it really takes you to me
tell who you are not that way
adds everyone there is no
sausage his account there it really takes
know who you are so that I can
invite you etc
for those who do not have a microphone for
Skype Here it will be necessary to arrange you
to have fallen beside you or to have
your mobile
otherwise you can still come
in the game you simply add
your gamertag and you say that you
do not have a mic I not against
of micro on the ps3 so I will try
more or less 2.2 send you
messages via the psn
we 'll see here so do not forget to
put in your gamertag and if you
have no or yes or no you from 1st skype
if he had no sex who do not know
you can enjoin us on thursday
for those who wants we go so
that's all it's all I have to say
so come many do not hesitate as
I told you even if you do not come
you are not here 19h come at 8h 8h30
until 9 o'clock you can deny a
ready at 9:30 it would be the end of this open
the big white so on this I tell you
so
see you tomorrow for this fabulous open rich safe
we're going to have fun
so do not hesitate sent to this
address eddie pons contest at three
points to miss gamertag and skype if
you too can connect
with skype at the same time as you play
so here on this to tomorrow and urban